[DOCS] Adds security update to 7.17.3 release notes (#130613)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Review the following information about the 7.17.3 release.

[float]
[[security-update-v7.17.3]]
=== Security update

> The 7.17.3 release contains a fix to a potential security vulnerability. For more information, check link:https://discuss.elastic.co/c/announcements/security-announcements/31[Security Announcements].

Author: ```suggestion
The 7.17.3 release contains a fix to a potential security vulnerability. For more information, check link:https://ela.st/esa-2022-051[Security Announcements].
```
